Support the `upgrade` host function (#176)
Concordium/concordium-rust-smart-contracts: concordium-std/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased changes

> - Add `upgrade` host function for upgrading a smart contract instance to use a new smart contract module.

Reviewer: Consider mentioning where it was added:
```suggestion
- Add `upgrade` method to `HasHost` for upgrading a smart contract instance to use a new smart contract module.
```
